Test tasks and questions

	1. Task 1: For four countries that you are interested in, find which categories of causes of death ails the countries
	2. Task 2: For four countries you are interested in, and for each cause of death, find which countries rank the first for each causes of death
	3. Task 3: Which four countries have both low communicable diseases and low injuries?
    
	On a scale from 1 to 10, with 1 meaning I disagree, and 10 meaning I agree: 
    4. Likert 1: I feel the visualization is effective for task 1
	5. Likert 2: I feel the visualization is effective for task 2
	6. Likert 3: I feel the visualization is effective for task 3
    
	7. General 1: Do you have any comments for us on how to improve the visualization?



Notes on the tests

Subject 1:
    Sex: F
    Age: 60 to 70
    Order: Task 1 > Task 2 > Task 3
    Task 1:
        Was confused by why the scatterplot was located right after the map
        After figuring out the treemap chart, was able to compare many countries
            seemed quite intrigued by the results, and tried to compare multiple countries against each other
        Was eventually able to find the right answers
        Duration ~15 mins
    Task 2:
        Was unable to understand the question without alot of prompting
        Was confused by if she was supposed to use the scatterplot for this task
        Was not aware that the list at the bottom of the page was useful as a filter
        Gave up on task after a couple of attempts
        Duration ~20 mins
    Task 3:
        Was unable to understand the question without alot of prompting
        Even when suggested to use scatterplot, still unable to perform task until explicitly trained
        Gave up on task after a couple of attempts
        Duration ~5 mins
    Likert 1:
        10
    Likert 2:
        10
    Likert 3:
        8
    General comments:
        Map color scale was very confusing
            "why is countryX the darkest if not the world's deadliest country"
        Scatterplot was very confusing
            can't see what it is useful for
            Log scale in scatterplot was very confusing
        Explanations for the data death rates was very confusing
            "I think you got them wrong"
            Doesn't trust the data, but was swayed by origin of data (UN WHO)
            Data doesn't fit into what subject already believes about certain areas, e.g. Cardiovascular disease and Mediterraean countries
        Scrolling is hard to understand
            subject tended to focus on a single visualization at a time
        Found that the visualization was very useful in challenging her preconcieved ideas about certain regions

        
        
Subject 2:
    Sex: M
    Age: 40 to 50
    Order: Task 3 > Task 2 > Task 1
    Task 1:
        Was able to find the correct answers eventually
        Was confused why we were only allowed to choose among five countries
        Duration ~5 mins
    Task 2:
        Only understood question with some prompting
        Found the filters useful, but couldn't figure out how to drill down into categories to compare the diseases he wanted
        Was curious why certain diseases weren't mentioned
        Stumbled on what "ctrl" meant on keyboard
        Duration ~5 mins
    Task 3:
        Used map and tooltips to find the countries by eye
            made some guesses after some time, but answer not correct
            tended to focus on "large" countries
        Was confused why we were only allowed to choose among five countries
        Duration: ~10 mins
    Likert 1:
        5
    Likert 2:
        6
    Likert 3:
        8
    General comments:
        Liked the map, but found it hard to use when looking for comparing to specific tasks
        Didn't trust the data source at all
            Seemed to trust it less when explained that it was from the UN WHO
            Also very confused why we decided to use 2004 data
        In general, found the page to be sort of confusing
            Found it annoying having to scroll back and forth

        

Prioritized list of issues and changes. 
1. Must fix the data explanations and instructions.
2. Must revisit the map's initial selection; current selection is too confusing.
3. Should revisit the flow of the visualizations; perhaps too much on one page.
4. Should make the specific diseases section easier to use.
5. Could make the interactions between the charts more smooth.



